# Bachelor Project

## Project overview
All files relevant to the main functionality can be found in the root folder.
Utility scripts, as well as scripts for data analysis can be found in the utils folder.
Configuration files for replication can be found in the settings folder.
Old files with no use, but that still remain archived for reference can be found in the other folder.

## Useage

The document Manual_BP.pdf details usage, as well as how to replicate the experiments
done in the project itself.


## Implementation details

### Files - Root folder

#### Main
Entrypoint of the program for evaluating a single individual

#### MainGen
Entrypoint of the program for performing a hyperparameter search using a
genetic algorithm

#### Environment
Holds all details with regards to the environment, such as states, actions, rewards
and which action is correct in each state. Can be given to an agent to interact with.

#### Logic Modules
A logic module is given to an agent. The logic module houses all decision making and
training functionality.
Currently the only implemented module is Q-learning, both using a tabular, and approximation-based
approach.

#### ExplorationPolicies
Logic modules use exploration policies to guide their decision making and balance
between exploration and exploitation.

#### Agent
The agent can act within an environment and uses a logic module for choosing its actions.
It is the link between the environment and the logic module.

#### GenAlg
Contains the core functionality for the genetic algorithm.

#### Statistics
Contains code for both collecting data from the program as well as plotting it.
More information in can be found in the document on usage, Manual_BP.pdf

#### Console Messages
Contains some constants for prettifying console messages.

#### Read Settings
Contains functionality for parsing a file containing run settings. For more
information see the document on usage, Manual_BP.pdf

#### Run Settings
Contains flags that are read out by the program which controls what type
of output will be generated.


#### Modified TensorBoard
Code as provided by Harrison Kinsley of http://www.pythonprogramming.net
Reduces the amount of output generated by tensorboard.

### Files - Utils folder

#### Combiner

Contains a function allowing for the combinations of several runs into 1.

#### K Means

Contains functionality for loading individuals from genepools after running
the genetic algorithm, as well as functions for perform k-means analysis
(calculating the Within Cluster Sum of Squares for varying k).

#### Output Scrubber

Contains a function allowing to clean up output from running a program
on peregrine, as well as a function to get info on the total/average scores
of generations.

#### Perm Test

Contains functionality to perform a permutation test.

#### Plot Functions

Contains the exact function used to generate the plot in the project paper.

#### Reader

Contains functionality for reading in both the results from my own work,
and from Ayoobi et al.

#### Transform

Contains functionality for transforming total guesses into accuracy, averaging runs
and getting the accuracy for a specific scenario of all runs.
